When you came to believe
You were my best friend back then
I can't lose you again
I can't lose the letter anymore, can you come by yourself?
Doctor doctor doctor you go
Happy Doctor
Please help me
He -- he came back to life today.
Quick rescue
After a day and a night of rescue
Sonny is finally out of danger
The doctor said it was an absolute medical miracle
It's all about survival.
Just got through
You are missing me
Because of the video of Sonny Fighting Bad Dog Employer
It was photographed by passers-by and posted online
The video exploded
Sonny became an Internet celebrity
Received social attention
Because of Sonny's heat
It had a huge social impact.
Let a large number of people represented by Zhang Biao
illegal loan company
It was terminated.
Although since that day
Sonny is acting like a dog again
But it doesn't matter.
Just be with Sonny
I feel like my dad is by my side
Hello
My house is two months old and it hasn't been sold yet?
Sorry about that.
The house is not doing well recently
Your house is a bit difficult to handle
I really can't, I can be cheaper.
It's not that it's not cheap.
Your house is a typical old and run-down house.
undivided period
Full payment only.
A house like yours
Hard to sell
Tingting is going to college next month
Tuition hasn't settled yet
What can be done?
How about our intermediary?
Also help others with loan business
Do you want a loan?
But I'm not very good at credit investigation.
That's okay.
I do know a few small loan companies
Don't check the credit, is this the interest?
Please think about it.